Add test and documentation regarding audit command when no packages are required (#11092)
composer/composer: doc/03-cli.md

lists security vulnerability advisories according to the
[Packagist.org api](https://packagist.org/apidoc#list-security-advisories).

> _The audit command returns successfully (0) when no packages are required in the project._
> 

Reviewer: Tweaking this to be more generic because the case of no dependencies is not the most interesting as it's rare and anyway why would you audit the project deps if you have no deps :)

```suggestion
The audit command returns the amount of vulnerabilities found. `0` if successful, and up to `255` otherwise.

```
